The things that interested me the most and influenced me the most when
I close my college, well there are many things. So I went to three
different colleges. I went to Pasadena City College, that's in the Los
Angeles area. I went to University of California, Berkeley it's up
near San Francisco, and I went to USC, that's also near the Los Angeles
area. One big thing was the landscape. All three of those places
were absolutely beautiful, Berkeley is kind of up on a hill, USC
has beautiful pristine buildings, and my community college, it looked
like a university. It was right beside Caltech, California Institute
of Technology and you can tell that they're right beside each other
because I couldn't tell the difference that it was a community college
so. The people around is another big thing that's very important.
So I like diversity. All three of my universities you walk around
and you know all different shapes, sizes, and colors. Right now where
I'm at in Japan it's not so much. So you can kind of really tell
the difference and for me I just like seeing people similar to me,
and different than me, and smarter than me, and people that I could
trash in math you know. So I like that whole entire spectrum of people.
Also I think the biggest thing for me when I decided my university
was the reputation. So I tried to go to the best that I could. In
fact I wasn't accepted to Berkeley the first time that I applied, and
I said you know what I came from Washington all the way back to California
my hometown specifically to go to this university, so once
I was rejected, I went back to my university, I studied even harder,
I got a 4.0 that semester, I took on another job, I did research,
I did all the things, I took extra classes, I did all of the things
to make me a really more mature, more intelligent person to finally
get into that university, because I realize that worldwide, wherever
I mentioned that university people would automatically know the process
that I had to go through the schooling that I got, and it would
give me you know the jobs that I needed, and maybe the math and the
science and engineering and the programming that I required to do my
future things. So reputation was probably the biggest thing for me
when I chose the college that I did.